# 2021-08-26

!container categories depending of which armorslots items have.

!replace armorslotFlagNames with a positional numer in a 20 bit long array.
[00000000000000000000]
or A prefixing Char Like H,A,O which means this item is eather helmet, armour, or other, and we can then make the conclusion
that no armor have coverage of your hair, but say backpack for example.
while no helmet has a backpack atatchment.
if there is does that cover whole body, or strange combinations, then O for other.

! must be easier to export and import feilds as tab separated values,
should make export import interface, that simply accepts which field from dropdown and then import or export.
ressult being formid as identifycolumn, and the column of interest.
this aproach should allow a singular file for both import and export allowing backup and external fiddeling.
the file should be parsed in such manner that new exports should be appended, preferable as new columns if other columns is selected, but overwrite if same formid and column is selected.
we don't want to worry bout conflict handling in this module.

!workflow nostic browser enviorments.
    the browsermap, best would be to export history from the main browser.
    even if the browsers would have there unique history and there unique extension installations, 
    there is a few things i'd like t o experiemtn regardless sharing extensaion state for example regardingform filling, or the tab titleing.this 
    could obeusly be done throuugh export import, but.... to much effort.




! dockingstation for my laptops as they become part of the kubernate herd.
preferable inside of one the closets, how do we manage airflow? 